Add white belt (#1)
AppSecure-nrw/security-belts: white/get-to-know-security-policies.md

# Get to Know Security Policies

Identify the security policies of your organization and adhere to them. If your organization has no security policies, then define them and get consent from your management.

> Share with the guild how you perform the required activities from the policies so others can benefit from your experience. In addition, provide feedback to the policy owner. Whenever you find yourself not adhering to the policies, communicate this to the person responsible for judging "risks vs. revenue" on your product (e.g., your Product Owner, manager), so they are aware of being out of policy.

Author: ```suggestion
Share with the security champion guild how you perform the required activities from the policies so others can benefit from your experience. In addition, provide feedback to the policy owner. Whenever you find yourself not adhering to the policies, communicate this to the person responsible for judging "risks vs. revenue" on your product (e.g., your Product Owner, manager), so they are aware of being out of policy.
```

# Get to Know Security Policies

> Identify the security policies of your company and adhere to them. Share with the guild how you perform the required activities from the policies so others can benefit from your experience. In addition provide feedback to the policy owner. Whenever you find yourself not adhering to the policies communicate this to your product owner, manager, or the person responsible for judging risks vs. revenue on your product, so they are aware of being out of policy.

Author: ```suggestion
Identify the security policies of your company and adhere to them. Share with the guild how you perform the required activities from the policies so others can benefit from your experience. In addition provide feedback to the policy owner. Whenever you find yourself not adhering to the policies communicate this to the person responsible for judging "risks vs. revenue" on your product (e.g., your Product Owner, manager), so they are aware of being out of policy.
```

> Identify the security policies of your company and adhere to them. Share with the guild how you perform the required activities from the policies so others can benefit from your experience. In addition, provide feedback to the policy owner. Whenever you find yourself not adhering to the policies, communicate this to the person responsible for judging "risks vs. revenue" on your product (e.g., your Product Owner, manager), so they are aware of being out of policy.

Author: ```suggestion
Identify the security policies of your organization and adhere to them. If your organization has no security policies, then define them and get consent from your management.

Share with the guild how you perform the required activities from the policies so others can benefit from your experience. In addition, provide feedback to the policy owner. Whenever you find yourself not adhering to the policies, communicate this to the person responsible for judging "risks vs. revenue" on your product (e.g., your Product Owner, manager), so they are aware of being out of policy.
```
